being in the Navy as long as I have been in for going on 20 years. Uh,
you have to realize that the Navy changes all the time. There is No,
um, there's always a right and wrong, especially like, based on guidelines.
But that right and wrong changes with time. Um, for instance,
you know, really, a long time ago there was a separate. They were
separate, paid between blacks and whites. And now there's not so laws
can change and temperaments can change and emotions can change,
and the navy changes accordingly. Um, I know that when I when I first
joined, um, there weren't that many transsexuals in the Navy and the
people that are that were in the Navy had a strong had strong opinions
about that. Those same people. I'm still one of them, right? They
have to realize that we made rules for them, And some people just
don't wanna change their minds so so drastically. They still have
their their opinions about the way that it used to be. So, um, your
whole goal as a supervisor is to get those people informed about the
new rules about like how they have to change about how their career
might be in jeopardy if they don't make that change. Um, another another
one is PTSD, you know, like we had our opinions about that. Maybe
we thought that those people, um, were violent and aggressive, and
they don't deserve to have the same, um, resource is that other people
had. Now we realize that it deals with mental health, and we should
think of it as think, Think of their situation, mawr in a kind
of light. Let's say so. We have to make sure that, um for the people
with the old way of thinking, they have to get on board with the new
way of thinking. And as a supervisor, your your whole role is to
understand what the policies are. Um, understand. When you have someone
who still thinks the old way and just train them to make sure that
they're there, they're more informed